http://kb-diangelo.github.io/

To create a repository on GitHub is easy. While logged on to GitHub, go to the main page and look in the uppper right for the plus sign. Select "New repository" from the drop-down. Give it a name on the next page, set it to public or private, check the box if you want to initialize the repository with a README, and add a license if you so choose. Then hit "Create repository". To clone this repository to the computer, you'll need the URL. Go back to the main page. If you are logged in, you will see a menu of your repositories on the right. Click on the one you want. It will bring you to a page with information about that repository. Look to the left, somewhat down the page and you will see a box reading "HTTPS clone URL". Copy that link to the clipboard. Then, using your command line, type *git clone* and paste the URL and hit enter. The repository will be cloned to the current directory you're on in the command line.

Open source means that anyone can see the source code of your project. They can copy it alter it, and upload/distribute the original or their own versions. I generally feel positive about Open Source. It allows people to improve upon what exists together. It makes a lot of useful tools more accesible to more people. At the same time, it may allow others to take credit for someone else's work.

Using a license is important if you want there to be some limits on what people can or cannot do with your project. For example, some licenses may keep people from charging money for your work, or make it mandatory to say that the work may be available for free elsewhere. The license we've been using, the MIT license, allows people to do pretty much anything they want so long as they redistribute it with the same license. 

In this challenge, the concepts of pulling and pushing to the GitHub directory were solidified for me. I was able to successfully push my committed branch to GitHub on the first try. I still struggle with trying to remember what branch I'm on at given time (easily fixed with *git branch*) and making sure I'M NEVER COMMITTING ON THE MASTER BRANCH. 

The resources I used to understand licenses were the three links provided in Release 2. In addition, I rewatched the video from 1.5 on the basic git workflow.